== format_validators

A consolidation of a few of the most common validations.

== What do we validate

* Currency
* Florida Counties (a little too custom but someone requested it so here it is)
* Phone Numbers
* Social Security Number
* ZIP code

== Install

    gem install format_validators

== Examples:

Like all validations these lines go in the model.

=== Currency

    validates :total, :currency_format => true
    validates <field>, :currency_format => true

=== Florida Counties

    validates :county, :florida_counties => true
    validates <field>, :florida_counties => true

=== Phone Numbers

    validates :phone_number, :phone_format => true
    validates <field>, :phone_format => true

=== Social Security Number

    validates :social, :ssn_format => true
    validates <field>, :ssn_format => true

=== ZIP code

    validates :zip, :zipcode_format => true
    validates <field>, :zipcode_format => true



== Contributing to format_validators
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Jeremiah Hemphill. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

